hello hi and welcome to this week's
video which is a little bit different
from last week's because Jack said first
of all I just didn't bring up please you
do it nice new beaches today we have got
this the Made in Chelsea fitness DVD
we're obsessed with min Chelsea in the
house is not on that it's so next best
thing is the fitness DVD by size Mouse
so go and put it on and react to it but
then also just do it no you go to water
I've got pepper you teks I Wednesday
like reflect how they would live do we
need to warm up our plush voices yeah
I'm really good really good actually
yeah right really cool go down to there
to the coffee shop really good I can
touch my hair in a yoga loft sure Wow
Wow expenses on this it looks nice
she woke up top and Spencer
pinkies up his binky's mom on cuz he's
very bad like that was hearing about
this I like this this is my favor
hmm we didn't bring any yoga mats is
that gonna be a problem
hit the teams wrote a drop I'm sorry
freestyling what's there what's the
danger
Chelsea morning power stretch is a
ridiculous name is by the way justice I
know it's not the mayor's how it makes
you feel like that I mean that is that's
a great that's great that's really nice
I like cutting as always like a little
bit and they've got like a story it's
too it can't be like drama-free it has
have a little bit wrong yeah uh yeah I
think we should work out so basically
pinky said that's you don't actually do
the yoga stretch like that you do like
this and then Jamie serves actually
being doesn't know what she's talking
about and Jamie let's get Vicki's mom I
saw you I fancy Vicki's mom it's the
little bit I thought was a good time to
share fix fix
you see cars fix you can't get it thanks
you let your down but only good time for
sex okay here we go here we get more on
is that tip no Lee services all right
text spying some very tight okay we
start we're off okay this matters
yeah
Bobby's not does mushrooms
Wow she didn't warn us about that months
hmm just do it and yeah okay feeling
good looking good get me ready for sex
yeah yeah we are ready for such baby all
right let's just book it now yeah
Spencer looks like he's enjoying this
and he's not jogging expenses fingers Oh
makes it so much promise to squat up
it's a squat what this time touch
another squats oh it's a rock you baby
oh Lisa stop it this is Jimmy squats
squats back on squats
oh this one's like I contend yeah Wow
Wow released it make you do it with
goodness me Lisa it's like a little
Stephanie and a sweet sweet dreams a
secret
hey sue its the ad from the it's cry
from the exercise exercise and a corner
okay that's it okay I was hard to see on
the floor now see how I am guess it's
our gasoline and the lunch of the bomb
swing I think about so here's my
favorite one there really is this really
famous so how is she
what do I'm doing get some champagne in
the beach and realize you had a cool can
be dere slushy from a man because his
awesome
Kusum slushies wow this little my
goodness
killing idiots did you were spying
suppose that wasn't more intense and I
thought that's pretty good thanks mate
Jessie not for the first time
good work thank you thanks Mikey this
relates to this video I hope you liked
it this is my favorite hip pointer we'll
see you next week but it all care as
well I'll do a walk up miss one day year
for pancakes Pancake Day are you having
a laugh like they are way better than
that